It's our conceptual design meeting. I'm gonna review the minutes of the last meeting,. then we'll have your three presentations. and then we'll have to make a decision on the remote control concepts,. these are our minutes from the functional design. We decided our target group is the focus on who can afford it,. and we said it's for all age groups, different functions of it. Our main objectives were simplicity and fashion. specific functions are something to keep the remote from getting lost, large buttons for the essential functions, a possibility for extra functions, like a sliding a sliding piece and a long-life battery or a charging station. I'd like to do it in this order, first do the conceptual specification of components, properties and materials and then the conceptual specification of user interface and finally trend watching.
The main elements of remote controls in general, and therefore ours as well, are the case, the buttons, the circuit board with the chip and the battery. the options that I've gotten from headquarters about what we can do,. there's there's the shape of a case, we could do a flat sh a flat case, a curved case or maybe even a double double-curved case. I haven't seen any pictures of what this exactly looks like yet,. and we can make our case out of plastic, the the main base will be plastic,. but we have all these sort of fashion and technological elements we can add in, wood, latex, titanium, rubber or other coloured types of plastic. for buttons we have pushbuttons,. but we also have scror scroll wheels,. which can have integrated pushbuttons,. or we could go all high-tech. and have an LCD screen. circuit board and chip we can have a simple one, a regular one or an advanced one,. And then battery I think is where things get most exciting. we can we can have your sort of basic double A batteries,. but we also have these options of using a kinetic battery,. so simple movements like pushing buttons would recharge the battery. Or a solar battery,. although there are slight complications with solar batteries. as in we can't use a latex case if we have a solar battery. Or something they only described as the type of battery you find in torches from about fifty years ago, flashlights. personal preferences that I was thinking through. here's what we've been talking about all through, fashion and simplicity. So if we're going for fashion in our cases, I think that what we're gonna wanna look at is a curved or a double-curved case, probably with a variety of design elements. maybe some wood. We're gonna have to investigate that better when I get specifics of the actual materials,. And we wanna go for simplicity. but I'm sort of intrigued by the idea of a scroll scroll wheel, if anyone has anything. And I'm really intrigued by the idea of a kinetic battery. Solar I don't think would be such a good idea,. But I think we'd also wanna go for a simple chip or regular chip. to keep our costs down. we really only need a regular or advanced chip if we're gonna start using an LCD.
Is double-curved like would be like two hands kind of thing?
I'm not sure. but I'll let you know as soon as I get any pictures. I know if we do have a double-curved case, it can't have any titanium in it.
The weight of these different elements, have you
No idea, no idea. I'm assuming that a kinetic battery isn't gonna take up that much weight,. but if anyone has any specific questions, don't hesitate to email me or something.
I'm gonna describe the the concept of the user interface of this des device. so we need to determine what the essential functions of the of the device are. We have a number of different choices for a design concept. once we've chosen a a concept for it, we can then design the features around the concept,. we don't want lots of buttons, complicated features. Here's a a fairly simple device. This is an an iPod from Apple. you use these four buttons to to move around a range of settings on the small LCD screen. So I think that's that's a good a good kind of model that we could have. here's a another example. and I think i it looks pretty cool. it's nice and colourful, it's nice and bright. if you're watching TV in the dark or whatever, you can work out which button's which. I I like I like this idea of just having buttons for the features that you use most often. there's no point having a television that you can't tune or that you can't set the contrast,. so we need to find a way of including these somehow. we'd either have a small LCD display on the device itself,. or have a dis a menu display that comes up on your television
So you'd be advocating an LCD then?
I think that's that's one way to go,. I mean there are there are advantages and disadvantages if you if you have an LCD display,. an an LCD display would have to be quite small,. it would also have to have a kind of backlighting in it,. The alternative is to have a an on-screen display on your television that you control through your remote control.
But I think th that you do need to have some kind of function where it's you have you can see the title of the show or possibly a description of it.
I think I think we're talking menu like contrast and tuning the VCR or something if I've understood you correctly, rather than menu as what's on.
We're gonna look a little bit at trend watching. that was a market investigation on remote controls that was recently conducted,. and then also some fashion watchers in Paris and Milan commented on some things that are gonna be going on this year. and right now i they're saying that currently there's a functional look and feel preference,. but that really, over the next year it it that's gonna be switching to fancy look and feel remotes,. they're sort of wanting us to remember that the number one thing for everyone is that it's fancy look and feel. And as these are ranked, the top one is doubly important to the second one,. which is doubly important to the third one,. The second thing that was mentioned as important was the technological innovations. And then ease of use was the third most important,. And then the fashion watch talks about that this year's top trend for clothes,. shoes and furniture is fruits and vegetables and tha that there's a preference for spongy, tight material. And so that brings us to my personal preferences. Who wants a spongy remote or one with fruit and vegetable padding. Personally, I don't really think that I want one that's gonna go out of style or go stale, excuse the pun, in a year, so. Also, considering that the research has been carried out by Real Reaction, I'm a little hesitant as to like, how these questions may have been worded,. and if necessarily this whole fashion to technology edas ease of use is necessarily the right ranking. but if we're working for this company then I guess no matter what, we have to stress fashion the most.
Do you have any ideas how to possibly use these? how to how to use a fruit or vegetable or or the spongy material at all? could we make a like could we make a spongy remote?
If it's latex if it's latexy. my understanding of a latex case is that it's in fact hard to protect stuff inside,. there's something to be said, I mean we we got that thing earlier from you about not wanting it to R repetitive stress injuries and things
I'm envisioning more like, you know, the material that you have when you sit on like a bicycle,
Could we go in fruit and vegetable colours?
Couple main ones being like, I dunno, lemons or strawberries or something.
I Is it supposed to be shaped like a vegetable? like I dunno, like carrots or something.
Or maybe the buttons could be shaped like different fruits.
What about the idea of like a round remote? Instead of like a vertical up and down one. Like in terms of holding it. Like that's a shape of a fruit.
Would you think you you do you think you'd be able to hold it?
I love the idea of the wheel like the iPod.
Or is it li more like a scroll thing?
And you press the centre button,. that's that's your all-purpose select button right there.
I think why it would be good for us is 'cause like you could have the same wheel sort of effect for like channel flipping and then the other one could be like for volume.
I think an LCD screen might be good in theory, but not as useful in practice.
I've one more slide before we close,. but in that slide is when we need to make decisions about this these kinds of things,
Could Could we could we have changeable covers like for your mobile? In different fruit and vegetable colours,
And then like the the covers could be spongy latex. components concept. Energy, chip on print. can you just explain what that is real quick?
What do people think about this kinetic battery idea?
I think it's awesome. I think it's really cool.
As as long as we consider the the cost and the how reliable it is,
I got a whole bunch of information on how circuit boards are produced. which is chip on print is where the machine prints on the wires and solders it all together for us. I don't really know what to tell you as far as decisions.
Al all circuit boards are pretty much the same, I think.
I guess maybe if we decided on like a simple, a regular, or an advanced chip, maybe.
If we're gonna have pushbuttons, they require a simple chip,. but a scroll wheel requires a regular chip,. Do we want a scroll wheel,
I don't think we ne really need the scroll whe wheel.
It would be nice for changing the volume,. but I don't know how useful it'd be for changing the channel.
You really need buttons for changing a channel.
We have five minutes left for the meeting, so.
And the volume would just be like the same way, forward and backward as I'm just thinking like it would make it much like sleeker sort of looking.
When you get on the on-screen menu of all your functions that your remote could do for you without the buttons and you could have a scroll wheel to go through those menus.
I think yeah, I think a scroll wheel would be nice,. but it's not necessary.
I'm kinda liking the idea of latex, if if spongy is the in thing.
Could it be hard, and then something around it?
I would be more okay with like a titanium actual thing and then maybe like a mobile phone kind of thing.
What I've seen, just not related to this, but of latex cases before, is that there's like a hard plastic inside, and it's just covered with the latex.
And probably in colours, maybe fruity, vegetable colours.
And we want a curved case,. Or a double-curved?
And I think if we wanna keep our costs down, we should just go for pushbuttons,
For channel surfing I think a scroll an actual like an iPod's kind of scroll thing would be too fast,
I think it might be better to put our money into the stuff like the kinetic battery and the cool case
I mean I'm not like hard-sold on the scroll wheel,. it's more just to give it a different kind of look,. but if it's gonna be in a latex type thing and that's gonna look cool, then that's probably gonna have a bigger impact than the scroll wheel.
We're gonna go with type pushbuttons,. and then supplements,. So we're gonna have like a menu button,. we're doing an on-screen menu that we can scroll through.
Volume, favourite channels, and menu. I think maybe numbers seems is kind of old-fashioned.
Finishing the meeting now. our next meeting starts in thirty minutes,. you each have things to do, look and feel design, user interface design, product evaluation,. and you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay. You'll get specific instructions from your personal coach. did we decide on a chip? Let's go with a simple chip?